My father is the one who has been most involved in politics, he has always been there
during campaign seasons, and he held the position of councilor for three consecutive terms.
Then he fell ill, so my mother took over.
And then Juan Pablo's sister, Isabella, who works in the mayor's office,
my father supported her and she also became a councilor, and then
the option arose for the seat to remain within the family.
My father said, "No, I won't run because it requires a lot of time,
and you're younger and have more contact with the people."
So that's when my father said, "You're the one who should run."
Even before my father told me that, I had already enrolled in the party and everything,
the people in the community were telling me, "You should run now,
for councilor, we'll support you."
And that's how we registered on a list and started the campaign work.
We achieved victory, which was difficult because we had to
fight among ourselves since there were other councilors in this area.
We had to compete for votes, but thanks to God, it was a success and I was able to accomplish it.